5 injured in fire at Hancock building

NOVERMBER 21, 2015, 5:34 PM
Five people were injured in a fire that broke out Saturday afternoon in a bedroom on the 50th floor of the John Hancock Center, officials said.
Officials said at a late afternoon press conference that none of the injuries were considered serious. One person was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Officials said one of the injured was a police officer who suffered smoke inhalation.
The cause of the fire has not been determined, officials said.
Police closed traffic on North Michigan Avenue due to the fire, which started on a residential floor. As of about 3:30 p.m., fire officials, who said that the fire had been put out, raised the fire to a 2-11 alarm, bringing more units and personnel to the scene to help with searches and well-being checks for building occupants.
Firefighters were performing top to bottom searches of the stairwells to make sure all people were accounted for as of about 5:00pm, officials said.
The fire department said at the time that it was asking residents to stay in their units, and if they experienced difficulties with smoke, they should call 911 and firefighters will come to them.At about 4 p.m., the fire department officially said that the fire had been struck out.
Earlier Saturday, flames could be seen shooting out of a window on the 50th floor, and a smoky smell lingered near the ground several hours later. An EMS Plan One emergency was alerted for the building at 175 E. Delaware Place, which means at least six ambulances were called to the scene.
On the street outside the building, the mood was calm. One person said they wanted to go shopping at the Chanel store in the area, and others continued doing their shopping at North Face and Best Buy stores inside the Hancock building.
Tourist Matthew Trede came to Chicago for Sunday’s game between the Bears and the Broncos. He said he was up at the bar on the 96th floor and the elevator wouldn’t come. Trede and friends could smell smoke and after a while a manager came to evacuate them down the stairs, he said.
With recent events, like the bombing of Paris, fresh in his mind, Trede said he felt scared and texted his mother “I love you,” just in case.
"With everything going on in the world you never know," he said.